Cloudflare Worker Adapter (#717)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-cloudflare-workers/README.md

# adapter-cloundflare-workers

> Adapter for Svelte apps that creates a cloudflare workers site, using a function for dynamic server rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SvelteKit adapter that creates a Cloudflare Workers site using a function for dynamic server rendering.
```
